Update issue templates (#17)
camaraproject/Marketing: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/issue_API_description_template.md

---
name: ❕ API_description 📝
about: Indicate an issue with an API description at the CAMARA website
title: 'API description change request'
labels: 'API_description'
assignees: ''

---

**Requested change**

> * Change of API description: <!-- Y/N  -->

Reviewer: That's not clear enough, as already the title is "API description change request", so I would expect here always a "yes"

> * Change of API description: <!-- Y/N  -->
> * Link to wiki page where the updated API description can be retrieved: <!-- Wiki link  -->
> * Change of API version: <!-- Y/N  -->
> * Link to change log where the updated API version can be retrieved: <!-- change log link  -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For which APIs need the description on the website be changed?

* ...
* ...

If API description texts or illustrations have been changed, please provide here the link(s) to the wiki page(s) where the updated API description can be retrieved: 

* ...
* ...

If there was a new public release with new API versions, please provide here the link to the release (rX.Y):

* ...

Any other changes to the meta-data of the API(s) (e.g. new sub project, new maturity stage, ...):

* ...

```
